Review radhika (#126)
worldbank/d4di: chapters/introduction.tex

In the time that we have been working in the development field,
the proportion of projects that rely on \textbf{primary data} has soared.\cite{angrist2017economic}
Today, the scope and scale of those projects continue to expand rapidly.

> That is, more and more people are working on the same data over longer timeframes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More and more people are working on the same data over longer timeframes.
```

we have realized that we barely have the time to give everyone the attention they deserve.
This book itself is therefore intended to be a vehicle to document our experiences and share it with with future DIME team members.

> The \textbf{DIME Wiki} is one of our flagship resource repository, designed for teams engaged in impact evaluation projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The \textbf{DIME Wiki} is one of our flagship resources designed for teams engaged in impact evaluation projects.
```
